c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\bin\Debug\VideoFrame.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\bin\Debug\VideoFrame.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\bin\Debug\VideoFrame.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\obj\Debug\VideoFrame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\obj\Debug\VideoFrame.Form1.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\obj\Debug\VideoFrame.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\obj\Debug\VideoFrame.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\obj\Debug\VideoFrame.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\obj\Debug\VideoFrame.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.xml
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\VideoFrame\VideoFrame\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
